# Interview Transcript

[01:00] 

ZM: Thanks for for doing this. I mean, a thousand thanks. You're actually the first student I'm interviewing. So, yay.

I read over the forum, it seems really cool. I can't wait to hear more about it. Yeah, absolutely. I'll get into it. Trying to get this video camera to work. There we go. Settings.

I’m gonna post something in the chat for you. This is called a question menu. And I don't know how many interviews you've done in the past.

[02:00] 

There we go. I'm so glad you got the job, by the way.

Thank you. Yeah. I think they were moved forward with it. The references were kind of a formality it seemed.

[03:00] 
Anyway, I always thought that any interview I've done, I'm kind of always nervous about the fixed linear sequence that interview that the questions come in and I think this gives you an opportunity to go through kind of step-by-step and to choose whichever questions are most relevant to your experience because I think CUNY students might have about the their use CUNY Reddit and Discord. So I don't want to close off on those opportunities for self-directed responses and that's what the question menu here is for.

So I just get to pick one from each category.

Yeah, yeah, you can pick one, you can pick one and a half. You can address one that maybe relates to another, really just kind of whatever responses it sparks in you. But yeah, as a general guideline, one question is a good start.

[04:00] 

ZM: But efore even we get started on that, just tell me a little bit about yourself, Nate. I think in a way that is not maybe represented in the teaching and learning context. You know, your experience at CCNY and how we, you know, came to be here today.

NP: Sounds good. Hi. I am Nate. I was a CCNY student for three and a half years. I just graduated. I have my ceremony coming up. I was originally, I was born in New York. I lived there for quite a few years. I moved away for high school because of my parents at jobs elsewhere. And then when I graduated high school, I wanted to go back to New York and I chose that's where I spent my college career. 

ZM: Amazing. Hey, and congrats on ceremony coming up. 

NP: Thank you. I'm really excited. Yeah.

[05:00] 

ZM: You should be be excited about it. You only get one. Yeah. So let's go to more. Higher education.

NP: Well, that's true. Yeah. I mean, I'm hoping to have one after all. This is done myself. Yeah. I'm hopeful. 

ZM: But they never change. I'll say that much. 

NP: Yeah. A lot of names. 

ZM: Yep. Exactly. But just kind of moving forward. You know, so platform experiences. And I've kind of structured this so that we can really start with any of these categories. But platform experiences, I'm interested in how you first came to discover Reddit or Discord, just as a user and as a kind of underground resource for CUNY students, or as sort of the meta for surviving at CUNY. So how did you first kind of encounter that? 

NP: So as a personal user of Reddit and Discord, I started using it. I think a long time ago, my friends got me in.

[06:00] 

NP: do it when I was for like, playing video games. But for CUNY, I found a lot of organization through Discord was like personal for students. A lot of classes, someone would make a discord and share the link to everyone. It was either that or WhatsApp. And there were some like teachers who utilized it, but I think there was a lot of also student organization. And for Reddit, I think you kind of touched on this, but it's, it's a lot more of like a useful resource you get to learn a lot about what's actually going on with a lot of programs. So for me specifically, I did an internship my junior year. And I forget the exact name, but it was, I learned a lot about it through the, um, the CUNY Reddit where other people were sharing their experiences. There was a long interview process for this internship. And people kind of shared what the group interview process was like and gave me an idea of that and what the, uh, kind of trajectory of this was going to be.
NP: on a more personal level than the the web pages that CUNY provided about it, they were very professional, it didn't provide the same amount of info. And I think there's a lot of cases like that where the student led Reddit lets people be a lot more honest with their assessment of CUNY programs or classes or teachers or the universities as a whole. 

[07:00] 

ZM: Yeah, I mean, that's a great answer. And I think in exemplary one where you kind of get access to the you know, there's the boss text which is the you know, the CUNY web page. And then there's the hidden curriculum which are you know, all of the, that they don't tell you you need enough, but that you discover along the way one where another through, I think these resources. So that's great. And okay, I think you know, let me, let me look at these other questions here. Thank you answer them brilliantly. So I mean, okay, so that's how you encountered CUNY discordant.

[08:00] 

ZM: And if you want to lean into one or the other, you don't feel like a blight to their both discord or Reddit, depending on how these interviews pay an out of May, just do one because it's yeah, giant ecosystem. But how does your use of, let's say, Q&A Reddit evolved since you first discovered it for those purposes? Yeah, so I think originally, I was more of like a service level user kind of like scanning posts. It was more of like, let's see what's going on. Maybe people will mention events and stuff. Right. But I think as I went through my years at Q&A, I started to develop a more kind of targeted approach to using the Reddit. It was more like, if I'm taking this class, has anyone said that this professor is awful and doesn't remember to grade your papers or has anyone mentioned that this professor is really good and like provides a great feedback and reference letters and is very useful or with programs like does this program provide, you know.

[09:00] 

NP: help and is actually meaningful. And there would be a lot of honest conversations about that on the Reddit. So I think as my time at CUNY Progress, it was more of less service level, just like, let's see what's going on and more. Let's check that what I'm doing is worth doing according to the other people on this page. Yeah, yeah. So and I almost see like, you're most dividing it into like access to the mainstream public discourse that comes out of the CUNY Progress surrounds the college experience. Like what's going on at CCMY? And that on the one hand and then on the other hand, you have at this purpose-driven use of it where you need information and information that is going to be publicized. Yeah, absolutely not on a CUNY webpage. And you need to be real and down to Earth. I respect that. I think that's my experience going through the academic grinder all these years. But yeah.

[10:00] 

NP: That's awesome. Great. Thanks, Nate. Of course. So let's move forward. Let's keep going. Community in support. So you mentioned the authenticity, the honesty, the fourth rightness, the tendency for, you know, commentary in, you know, Reddit, but maybe also discord to be, to be pretty, you know, straightforward and grounded. And I'm curious to what extent do you think that that has to do with the student, nomeness or anonymous kind of design of these platforms where your identity is always kind of by the, at the first stage, you know, the first step, you're, you're, you're forced to make a user name. Just stick with it on Reddit. And I'm just curious, do you think that that because the university doesn't really have, I mean, by which to enable that, that people flock to Reddit in discord or is it more about the platforms and the kind of subcult.

[11:00] 

NP: of Odaul. So I think that it's more prevalent on Reddit than on Discord. This is, I guess, a little bit of attention. I think that Discord can be a little less like anonymous. I think a lot of times Discord accounts, especially because there were a lot of Discord users at CUNY who were using it purely for educational purposes. It was a little less. It was more everybody's name. I know I had one class where there was a bit of a debacle with someone sharing answers in a Discord and the teacher was secretly in the Discord and saw that the student had shared the answers and then that student got in trouble. So there are, I think, more situations like that on Discord where they're on a class by class basis and the larger CUNY discord are moderated by CUNY for the most part. So I think I found that Reddit was more of that place where there was an anonymous, of not sharing like answers or stuff, but sharing, sharing,

[12:00] 

NP: information that would be a little more restricted and not talked about and people had this freedom to kind of share their opinions unfiltered about CUNY systems and CUNY programs. So yeah. So I mean, this is actually news to me. So the major CUNY discord are, I mean, do they have official administrative staff or are those like who's who's governing those from from from your side of things because yeah, so I think it depends because I for example, the first semester that I was at CUNY, I was in the CUNY dorms. And that was ran by the RAs and some more administrative staff and had some stuff like that. The larger CUNY discord has student mods, but then I believe it also has a an administrator. But then on like a class by class level, as you break it down, like I had an intro to theater arts class, where the teacher had a discord for everything. And that was just ran by the teacher and was very community based in people.

[13:00] 

NP: would kind of share their thoughts more freely. So I think it really does depend. And I like the situation I mentioned. I think sometimes students got comfortable with this idea that it's just students and it's kind of more of a free, like private situation when the teacher got the link and joined the class and it's like being monitored in a way that they don't realize. So I think there's a little bit less freedom on Discord than on Reddit where like you said, you pick a username you stick with it and it is much more anonymous. Most Reddit accounts are not tied to the exact person. What some are though, some people do tie it? I made that mistake. The first Reddit that I ever made, I did Z-Mull, which was like my username. You know, it's enough distance from my full name, but enough to dox me. So, and that's the question here. Is he doing dox these private spaces? Especially like a Discord server that's designed to be private as the community ones which are designed to be public. And yeah, an instructor kind of doing pedagogy.

[14:00] 

NP: logical espionages is alarming. That's a fantastic anecdote. And I'm sure that happens more often than, you know, folks like even researchers like me even think. Yeah. I think that the difference too is that sometimes discards get categorized as private spaces, whereas a Reddit is almost always categorized as a public space, like a space where anyone can view what you're saying. So even though you're maybe writing it in a more open way, you know that anyone could see this. So either, you know, personal details are a little more restricted, or you're just aware that this should be more of a communal conversation than a discord where stuff can kind of be treated like DMs. Yeah. I mean, the code of conduct on Reddit for instance. And by the way, it's fine if we go off-book from the questions. There's semi-structured interviews. It's meant to be a conversation. Like I care more about free associating than anything. But I think, yeah, it seems as though the code of conduct will be explicit one.

[15:00] 

NP: that gets assigned to the CUNY Reddit subreddits. And the kind of implicit, you know, the agreement that everybody makes when they contribute to the Reddit is perhaps maybe more fulfilled on Reddit than it is on Discord where it gets blurry depending on if it's a revenue public server. Had you of any other, I mean, anecdotes are great. That's really what I'm interested in. Yeah. I guess not specifically. I mean, I've had some really great classroom discords. I will say like, I mean, for our class, we had a great community led discord, but I think a lot of teachers have embraced it and made like responses through discord and stuff, but also given space for students to communicate. And then I find that the ones that are purely student led can sometimes devolve a little bit. Yeah. I've had, I've had several, I'm like looking at them as we speak, but I've had several, but …

[16:00] 

NP: Just purely student classroom led discord that are a little bit more like someone posting. Do you have the answers to question three, four and five and then not responding or talking about homeworks? Which can be really helpful like open student discussion about it. But I've always found those to be a little bit less participatory by people. They're just a little more closed off than read it. Which I'm a pretty passive user of read it. I don't really post on it too much. I kind of use it as a resource because I find that it has some really good information. But I have asked a few questions. But I'm more of like an observer on Reddit. So I don't have as many antidivis. Yeah, I mean that's fine. That's fine. Yeah. I think I'm more of a lurker. Like I read. Same with these discord. And I sometimes feel like I'm an actual lurker when I'm a uni discord. I'm not part of the private ones but students obviously because I was.

[17:00] 

NP: I was an instructor, but I always think it's interesting to consider the vast unknown of all the private discord servers that are created alongside classes. So, 20 met out. So on the subject of Reddit, so your passive user, you read it more than you write within it. Do you up-vote down-vote? Because that's a kind of participation too. Yeah, I think I do sometimes. Like, for example, I remember when I got my internship, I was really stressed because it was like, it was like, um, we had a group interview where we had to do something and it was there was like, no details about it, but they were doing different blocks for these interviews. Right. And I remember someone who was in the first block posted a full description of what we were going to be doing. And so, I mean, it let me get some extra preparation that the interviewer is probably in one, but I was thankful for the, for the, for the...

[18:00] 

NP: So I think I did upload a post like that, but most of the time if someone mentions like a, an event going on on campus or like some very, some more like general information, I don't interact really at all. Yeah, yeah. That feels more like an email almost, right? Exactly. And that's, that's interesting line that's blurred here. And especially when you think about how students kind of, I mean, we're at the, you know, like have to cross these boundaries between sending emails, the professors and operating within these Discord servers or messaging on Reddit, there's such slight differences, yet so many similarities. Do you, do you find that that you do, a lot of reading in the Discord or more, are you more participatory in those? So I think it depends on the environment. For the very big Q&A ones, I don't really say much. I'll like, I'll check for the, the big posts.

[19:00] 

NP: and they can't discord, but people talking about, the events channel, which I don't even think I have, the ability to post in. And there's obviously, there's smaller channels that are for everyone to talk in. But I don't find myself talking unless I have something important to say, which is fairly uncommon. Yeah, I'm not a big post. I find myself very much aligned with you in these ways. I mean, if there's moments where I feel like it's, it's almost incumbent upon me to say something, then maybe so. Or if I often find myself saying something, if I want to correct a piece of info, there's been a few times where someone has said something that I know is wrong, where they say, like, this is the time of something, and it's actually something else. I'll say that she's like, I think this is actually this time, just like, corrections, because I don't want there to be misinformation, but I don't find myself going out of the way to say these things. Yeah, you know what the media added around there. But that's a really fast.

[20:00] 

NP: because you're serving as a kind of passive fact tracker, not so high. Yeah. I'll gather an information for yourself. Which bags the question, how do you differentiate good content, good news from bad news in these subreddits? That is a good question. Because that is tough. There are definitely times where I've read something and believed it. And then later found out that it was incorrect in some way. Yeah. I kind of is a general vibe check. There's not much like fact checking that goes into it. I kind of I'll read that an event is happening. I'll generally believe it because I don't believe on the student led discord. That people have too much incentive to lie. Right. I think for the most part the info is coming from a place of honesty. And anything that's wrong about it is not from a place of misintent, but more genuine. Yeah. And I generally trust it. And I think maybe someone's posted like 11am instead of you know.

[21:00] 

NP: 12 AM, but it's generally harmless. Not disinformation. It may have been misinformation, a farmer harmless. Yeah, but yeah, are you more likely to trust posts that are made within the, in Kunis' subreddits, compared to the broader Reddit ecosystem? That is a good question. I think yes, I think especially because it's like, it's student-led and like, general Reddit can be kind of a crap shoot. Yeah. It can be a very interesting ecosystem of people saying stuff that I don't usually like to interact with general Reddit, it's like, I find them pretty taxing and toxic. But I think that the Kuni ecosystem specifically, since it's all students who are all participating in this, there's not really any malicious actors for the most part I find. Yeah, I mean, to the contrary, I think one of the most common posts that I often see involve eyes.

[22:00] 

NP: students asking their peers if something is spam. And so I think that many students seem to flock to the Kuni Subred, it's almost as a safe refuge from the wild west of the web. But then there's the question of moderation and governance. How much do you know about how let's say the, I'm not sure about the servers, I've already asked a little bit about that. But the Kuni subreddits like the CC and why do you, do you ever take an interest in the people who were kind of like setting the rules of engagement? No, no, no, you say it. I've never really paid too much mind to the moderation of the subreddits. I don't know if they're student letter, Kuni letter. I assume they're student letter, but I don't know how that's done. I think a lot of them are alumni. Okay. Kind of, yeah, good Samaritan's maybe. But there's controversy during the pandemic.

[23:00] 

NP: there was a splinter subreddit where the CUNY on censored is what it's called. That came as a result of one of the moderators who governed the CUNY subreddit during the pandemic had controversial moderation practices according to the splinter subreddit. The splinter subreddit never really took off. It never developed that critical mass and that energy that kind of carries the subreddit forward. But, uh, very interesting. Interesting, yeah, an interesting kind of fractured in these, uh, you know, community, these student communities and in the ways that they negotiate, their own circulation of discourse. I mean, I mean, that's one of the reasons I'm interested in it. I can't find another point in the history of universities where there's been a clear, uh, or at least semi-clear digital town square that you go and read things. But anyway, yeah, any thoughts on that?

[24:00] 

NP: Yeah, I think that's very interesting. Because I mean, I know there has been, I have heard of controversies happening in these subreddates. I remember when there was the encampment on campus. There was a lot of conversation between Pro and Pro Palestine and Pro Israel. People talking about like, I think I usually don't engage with that stuff. I'm using it more as a town square of information about events and class specific stuff. I use it more directly for myself. I don't find myself that much of a general browser of it. It's kind of like, if I'm seeking a piece of info, I feel that I can get a more honest answer from Reddit, but I don't use it in the way that a lot of people do as a community building, which I think it's really great for. It's just not the way that I ever used it. Yeah, I mean, same here, even like, I back my tongue. I'm like doing my entire dissertation on it. And I don't find a lot of community myself, but it's hard not to see it. Yeah.

[25:00] 

NP: looking at CUNY Reddit and instructors slowly figuring out that they can search their names and the CUNY Reddit and it's a kind of similar experience is going to check your rate my professor. Yep. It's very similar. Very similar except with more personal stories. Yeah, yeah. Which I think is grounds it more, right? Do you notice any of the conventions? I think we may not, in my other writing classes we talked about discourse conventions. You see it all the time with programming but with those implicit rules or common genres of posts almost the rate my schedule is one of them. Yep. Is this spam? Is there another kind of low key one? Do any of this come to mind when I, when I like know to that? A lot of talk about the escalators. Yeah, it's a bit more. Yeah, escalators being out as a huge one. I think we touched on the talking about people's professors. Yeah, yeah. Obviously events.

[26:00] 

NP: But yeah, there's a lot of like Reddit specific conventions that you kind of don't think about what it's like, you know, the way the the poster structured is very Reddit. It's kind of hard to articulate, but yeah, it's definitely there. Let's sit with that though, because I'm I'm like, I'm trying to articulate it myself. One comparison I've heard and I wonder if this rings true is that Reddit kind of serves as a, you know, the help column or the advice column and newspaper. Yeah, it does feel very newspapery or like like you said town square, but it's it's like this communal kind of like old days of the internet like forum boards. A little more organized than those, but it's like it has that feeling of just these disparate people communicating that I feel like a lot of other red it's kind of loose. I mean, not all red it depends on the size, right, but if we're looking at big stuff, it's very much condensed and it's it's so fast and you're not really recognizing these people, but there will be like.

[27:00] 

NP: trends among community red is because it's a much smaller community that you'll see like these repeat posters or these like these common threads like like rate my schedule or like the escalators being out or is this spam and and it creates this this more communal feeling than you get from other reds. I think because of size and because of the demographic be focused on students who are all using this information. All using this information for similar reasons. A lot of reds are more for building community but I think the community reds has this interesting like dichotomy between people who are using this for community and people who are using this for info gathering and like finding out what's going on honestly without having to go through like you know the professionalism that you'll find through other information sources. Yeah well said well said or yeah going and reading it on the bathroom walls. Yeah. Um I'll give you a second because I know energy.

[28:00] 

NP: can be really taxing. But this is I'm learning so much. It's like that grounded. This is really overdriving for, right? You know, that grounded lived experience. That is hard to, you know, it's hard to make up misinformation about your, that your feelings and experiences in the class. It doesn't really exist in that space. But I think there's also less incentive to make stuff up. I mean, a lot of Reddit's people make up stuff for attention, which I mean, obviously could be a motivator for CUNY subreddits. But the way the Reddit is used kind of dis incentivizes that misinformation, because it's more, you get more bang for your buck doing it on in a bigger place. So unless you have some specific quam with CUNY, there's not really a reason to use the subreddit in that way as much, even though it definitely happens. Yeah, and I think that's a really really a really perceptive point. You know, and yeah, there's less reason to try.

[29:00] 

NP: because you're going to get less reactions. Yeah, rolling is all about the reactions. Yeah. And I, you know, it reminds me, but you took us so much of like internet culture and digital culture and maraudi's, we've been discussing it. I'm curious about the connection between the web of old in the web of new and Reddit seems to maintain like this, so on, you know, press internet consistency over the years. They haven't really, I mean, they changed their homepage one time. And it was initially just like, you know, bookmark, social bookmarking. And now these communities have spread it up at multiple scales. I'm curious if you find a particular value in the way that the discussion forms are structured, is it something about that, the way those, you know, that, that.

[30:00] 

NP: posting and commenting is designed is that the upfotes and the ranking system, what differentiates Reddit in your mind from other social media? I think you touched on a really good point there in that question that Reddit is very much a bridge from the old days of the internet to the new days of the internet. It's very much a modernization of these old foreign boards. I mean, I was very big into video games my whole life. So I, there used to be this time when forum boards were king and if you had a question, you couldn't Google anything. What you had to do is you had to search forum boards and try to find someone to ask the same question or if you couldn't find anything ask it yourself like how to beat a level or something and Reddit has created that and I think for a while it became less important and Reddit became more focused on community. But now if you Google anything with the prevalence of like AI articles and like awful articles, you'll often find people searching.

[31:00] 

NP: question on Reddit because you'll get a more genuine response than an article from a game journal a website that put it through three AIs before they got their output or are padding for time so you scroll through as many ads as possible and just not getting to the point where if you find a Reddit asking the same question it'll be very matter of fact and you'll get a lot of answers. Some of those answers will be the most unhelpful thing you've ever read and they'll be someone saying like, well this is so easy, just Google it. But it's you'll also often find really helpful and insightful answers for exactly what you're talking about and some of who went through the same problem you went through. So I think that it has kind of scaled in usefulness from just a community platform that it was I think when Google was at its peak usefulness and as Google and other surgeons that have decreased in in conciseness or usefulness in finding your answers I think Reddit's ability not just as a so-

[32:00] NP: social media platform, but as a answer finding website or even search engine has scaled in usefulness among even general users who aren't like even having a Reddit account, but are googling an answer on Reddit. And I think that the Q&A discord does definitely play into that. Yeah. And I think that's an interesting point. It's made really well-set all the way through. But the fact that you can go on to Reddit without having to sign in. And that's such a fundamental difference between now, actually, they used to have that with Twitter. You could sign on to the Twitter. You could, you could do that without having to sign in. But of course, now that there's a barrier to entry. And it changes the publicness and the politics of the space, I think, in access to it, moreover. Yeah. And I think the also the locationality of Reddit is so interesting. And I mean, when you search something on Twitter, you can often find people dealing with the same problem in the same.

[33:00] NP: way, but stuff isn't categorized by community, which really makes Reddit stick out because it creates these ecosystems that we've been talking about that let you find information on a general scale if you're searching for just kind of more information about a topic, you can go to a community and search for it, or if you're searching for something more broadly you can search the entire ecosystem of like all Reddit communities, which creates this difference from something like X or, you know, any other social media where people share their experiences where it's it's shared on a personal level and you can look up a specific person, but you're not like looking up unless you're using hashtags which are unbelievably unhelpful for the most part, you're not finding like the same community driven categorization that you do on Reddit. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. It reminds me, I mean, that what comes to mind there, and this is so rich now because the differences between X or formerly Twitter and Reddit, I think are worth.

[34:00] NP: on packing, but just see the role of bots in these platform ecosystems on Twitter. It seems that most of the controversy, there's been a number of use for Twitter bots, but also want Reddit for a long time. And every time it's signed onto a Reddit, you get a message from a bot. And there's such a difference in a news and design. I'm wondering, do you have, like, what are your encounters with bots in the, you know, broader Reddit ecosystem? And I mean, I don't think they use many in the community ones, but just any other, like, additional thoughts on that front. Yeah, that's a very interesting question. Because I've always found Reddit more helpful and less of that. I remember there was a big deal when they were selling the, like, API scraping stuff from Reddit. And there was a big deal with that and how it would affect bots and stuff.

[35:00] NP: I think there are APIs much more restrictive now. Yeah, yeah. I think that I think that bots, I generally see them in comments. I don't usually see that many bots, but that's because I'm using it more specific. I'm not scrolling through reddit as much as I sometimes will. There's certain topics when I'm interested in something. I guess this is an example, a little off topic, but there's this game coming out called 2xKO, and I wanted to learn more, and it was in a beta phase where not everyone had access. I kind of wanted to see what people were doing, so I remember scrolling through the reddit, looking at different people's discoveries and stuff. But when I'm looking for a specific answer, all of them see bots in comments, you see a ton of that. There's the funny ones, which are accidental, high-coup detected, or the more malicious ones. What about the malicious ones, do you want to...

[36:00] NP: I'm curious. Like fishing links or like, you know, getting people to click on a malicious link is the most common. But I feel like a majority of redheads have moderators that lock that down pretty tightly. If you do see those, it'll often be on kind of dead redheads that are not seeing any posts anymore. But you very rarely see malicious stuff because I think the community driven aspect of it creates for this higher level of moderation. Like you said, the terms of service we talked about earlier, create this ecosystem where the moderators can very easily just take out these malicious things. To, I mean, maybe there are definitely overzealous moderators who take out too much. But it does usually lead to a cleaner user experience of having these malicious posts taken away. Because when you're interacting and posting on a reddit, you are agreeing to deal with the community's guidelines rather than on Twitter where it's an open space. And you can just say whatever to the ether and it can get reported and taken down.

[37:00] NP: but it's not gonna be the same as a community moderating what you're saying. Excellent, I mean, excellent point, wow. Like, you know, that's a point that I had to read in scholarship on Reddit, so well done. Yeah, I think, I mean, we're really kind of flushing out those differences. And yeah, the federated governance of these communities, the federated moderation. They don't like leave it to algorithms at scale. They leave it to people who get to, use the bots for the purpose of protecting their communities. Yeah, and people who are passionate, right? Like, I think most Reddit moderators are very passionate about these topics, whereas on a large scale of Twitter, people aren't that passionate about getting rid of, you know, not say for work bots or like malicious link bots. But when it's affecting your community that you feel like you've grown and you're a part of and you're a leader in, you really don't want to see those bots hurting the community and hurting, I mean, even your status role, we look at it from like, oh.

[38:00] NP: sociological perspective of seeing these people who are who feel like they have a position of power that will be minimized if these places become unsafe to talk in because of the dilution by bots. And that's you were talking about a splinter cell. Like if you've been outstead from your powers, the moderator, you kind of want to recreate that environment that people want to use because it gives you a sense of importance. Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah, and so yeah, absolutely. And so on top of all of this and I mean, I think we've gone above and beyond the questions that I had just a boiler plate at here. But I'm curious if you've tried Reddit answers yet, it's in beta while, you know, at the, on April 13th, I think today, actually haven't checked recently, but it happened, I think over the past month, I've tried it a few times. But yeah, let me just ask you that. Have you tried Reddit answers before? No.

[39:00] NP: I have not heard of this. Like they're generative AI research preview where they use the Reddit knowledge base as the interest in for the model. With a simple little chatbot input field, and then you can ask about CUNY subreddits, for instance, you could ask about financial aid or FAFSA. You could ask about your schedule. And I'm wondering how you referenced how this against the reliability and the groundedness of the information resources that you look for and find on Reddit. Do you think it's a different way of accessing that information? Because you talked about going through all these reddit set different scales and different levels of depth. And yeah, I'll leave it at that. Yeah, it's kind of tough when I haven't used the tool. I don't have too much info. But I'm going to base my answer, based off other generative AI that I've used. And I am a video.

[40:00] NP: a big hater of these generative AI summaries. They can often be useful, but I think specifically like co-pilot on Microsoft Edge summarizing your search or Google, I often find that to be very like, I don't know, it can be very useful and I definitely use it when I just want to quick search and like I just take what it says. But I try not to trust them and I try to verify with an actual source that I can find. So I do worry about summarization of reddits, which are even less moderated. I mean, they're more moderated, but the answers can vary more in quality. I think less on a community pages, but more overall, I wouldn't want to take a summary of a lot of reddit questions. I would probably want to find a specific general, someone asking the same questions me and doing it. I have a news, if it would let you search those, that would be helpful. But I generally don't like,

[41:00] NP: AI in my searching for answers. And so I think Reddit, I kind of go to it more to escape that than anything. So I'm not too interested in that personally. That's, I mean, a great answer. For a number of reasons, just because I think, and you know, I want to be mine full of time because I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna, that worries. I'm more than, I could to talk all day. I'm like, I mean, it's great. It's honestly just like a fun conversation about it. And on usual, I think developing, growing kind of phenomenon. But yeah, I mean, I think that your responses, I mean, I think that your mentality and use in these spaces is attracts across like all of your answers because you were talking about trying and deleting resources and going to different subreddit, you know, not taking anything at face value. And, you know, being just a cautious skeptic until you find the answers you need to. And, Jenner to VIs, kind of this.

[42:00] NP: tool that allows you singular answer to a question that of course maybe has multiple and so information literacy on a plus. But I already knew that. I think I think gender to the eye also takes away from a lot of information literacy because I mean for the most part it is a summarization of a large large-large set of data and you can't exactly know where that info is coming from and so for a general answer I think they can often be helpful in summarizing a vast amount of data but it's something that I personally never want to take at face value. I'm always reminded of when Google first rolled out there their AI program and that you could search like how to make your cheese goo year on pizza and I would say add Elmer's glue because it was citing like PR things where they would add it to make it look better for photos and stuff and so yeah I think that's

[43:00] NP: there's a lot of like on a larger scale, like those were taken from places that had reputable information, whereas I can imagine AI taking stuff from Reddit has a lot of posts that are completely off base added into that. And I would trust that even less than I trust Google's algorithm. But I'd say I agree. I mean, it's so fascinating, right? Because I think that on Reddit, people don't always say what they mean exactly. And when you're summarizing earnest information, where everything has its moral loss on ambiguous meaning, I mean, that's great. That's a big stipulation. But on Reddit, there's so many layers of irony. And people with multiple intentions, as you noted earlier, ulterior motives, intention for reactions. I think it's a really interesting point. Do you find that reading Reddit as you do?

[44:00] NP: You develop a taste for those ironies and for those ways of I think speaking and writing that Genitive AI could never you know be able to summarize or interpret it? Yeah, I do hesitate to say that they would never never be able to interpret it. It is difficult, right? Because I don't know how this large language model is being it being trained, but like there are so many conventions that we've even touched on earlier that Reddit has created like even the abbreviations for like OP and like stuff like that that I I believe that maybe Large language models could break down, but could also be confused by like I don't think Models such as chat GPT that are trained on more generalized sets Would be able to really interpret like even like the sarcasm that you're talking about and like There are many examples of predators being sarcastic that are enjoyable for us to read like someone in the comments especially, but if a AI

[45:00] NP: misinterprets that and is giving an answer based on a sarcastic comment, we could be in some big trouble for people saying just you know, clean your PC by dumping it in in water rather, you know, sarcastically. Whereas, and they I would treat that as fact and give it. But I don't know how they're training this. So maybe they found some magical work around to sarcasm. I think it's a, I think on the other, they're, uh, to do this. But yeah, I think that's, uh, it's a fascinating point. Um, I'm, yeah, looking where at 345, um, I just wanted to note that because I, I'm really interested in how students write, uh, as if they're speak in these, as to, um, as a kind of digital reality, uh, people that use the long vowels, the stretch things out, these caps, uh, and, uh, you know, I think that, uh, for really common posters, I'm, I'm going to try to lean into that with interview. Um, but you've just given me a really amazing groundwork innate. So I, I just, uh,

[46:00] NP: I want to thank you for that a thousand times over. I'm really glad this was a really fun conversation and yeah wait to see where your research goes. Yeah, when I have to move back, we'll book and it and then I'll see. Yeah, I would love that. I'll get you another $20 Visa gift card. They don't fund me. They don't fund us enough at the community, but I think it's getting late. Thank you so much. Yeah, and in have a great week, have a great break. Yeah, thank you, you too. Okay. I'll be in touch about the gift card. And if anything else occurs to you about Reddit, about discord, controversies and question, you've reached out any time. And if you ever, if you update your questions and have something else, you want to pick my brain about feel free to let me know. And I would love to just talk about it. So yeah, you can come back with a pseudonym. Yeah. I'll post about it on Reddit. Yeah, yeah. Sounds good, date. Thank you so much. All right, I'll see you later. Bye.